|
LabyrinthRPG TowerOfTheSorcerer
<C> 1995 by N.W / Transl. Z.Sun

|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
I'm selling a blue key at a bargain
price of 50 gold! Deal?
    @ Yes
    @ No

|
The tower has 50 floors and consists
of 5 blocks, each with 10 floors.
Posted to each block is a boss ruling
that whole area, whom you must defeat
in order to obtain access to higher
floors.

|
I'm selling 5 keys at a package price
of 50 gold! Deal?
    @ Yes
    @ No

|
When offering gold to an altar, it's
recommended to raise your DEF instead
of ATK. However, if you don't raise
your ATK at all, there might be some
enemies that you can't ever defeat
later on.

|
I'm selling a rare red key for 800
gold! Deal?
    @ Yes
    @ No

|
Did you notice the hidden tunnels on
9F, 16F, and 18F?

|
I'm selling a blue key for 200 gold!
Deal?
    @ Yes
    @ No

|
A Cross in your possession can double
your ATK when fighting with zombies
and the Vampire. Especially, Vampire
seems invincible without the Cross.
It should be somewhere on the higher
floors that...

|
I'll buy your keys for 100 gold each.
Do you wanna sell them?
    @ Yes
    @ No

|
|
I'm selling a set of 4 keys plus a
blue key for 1000 gold! Deal?
    @ Yes
    @ No

|
The tower is 50 floors high, but in
reality, you can only go up to 49F.

|
I'm selling 3 keys at a huge deal for
200 gold! First come, first served!
    @ Yes
    @ No

|
Wherever there are gatemen, there's
a gate. In turn, if there is a gate,
there will always be enemies guarding
the gate on the same floor. So, ... 

|
The price is 2000 gold, but it's for
3 blue keys. Deal?
    @ Yes
    @ No

|
There is an item called "Lucky Gold"
somewhere in this tower. With that
in your possession, it can supposedly
double your earnings from defeating
enemies.

|
For 1000 gold, I can raise your HP by
2000 pt.
    @ Yes
    @ No

|
The Sacred Shield seems to have the
power to screen you from the magic
attacks of wizards... However, it was
allegedly hidden on a phantom floor.

|
Yikes! Thank you for helping me out.
Please take this as a small token of
my gratitude.
       (Received 1000 gold!)

|
Would you like to buy a super rare
item, Super Mattock, for 4000 gold?
    @ Yes
    @ No

|
If you plan on defeating the Dragon,
you must have the Holy Sword, Holy
Shield, and Dragon Slayer in hand;
besides, you've also got to attain
sufficiently high levels.

|
|
|
Unused paragraph

|
Unused paragraph

|
Unused paragraph

|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
Which data do you wanna load?
    Data 1
    Data 2
    Data 3
    Data 4
    Data 5
    Data 6
    Data 7
    Data 8
    DO NOT LOAD

|
Which data do you wanna save?
    Data 1
    Data 2
    Data 3
    Data 4
    Data 5
    Data 6
    Data 7
    Data 8
    DO NOT SAVE

|
You can look up the enemies' HP, ATK, DEF,
and expected damage to you on this floor.

|
Showing all the info learned so far:

|
|
|
|
|
|
|
Unused paragraph

|
Unused paragraph

|
Unused paragraph

|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
I'll bestow this Orb of Hero on you.
This will not only enable the "save"
function, but also allow you to look
up the monsters' properties on your
current floor and predict the battle
damage. Please use it effectively.

|
In this tower, there are doors that
can be opened by keys, but besides
them, there are also "gates," which
I assume won't open untill the mons-
ters guarding them are defeated. 

|
If you make a purchase from a mer-
chant, they may provide valuable in-
formation afterwards.

|
In this block, there are two places
where you can get a red key.

|
In this block, without raising your
ATK several times at an altar, the
monsters called "Rock" would be too
formidable to defeat easily. So, be-
ware of that.

|
Well, well. You've found me. As a
reward, this "Elixir" is now yours.
This potion can raise your HP accor-
ding to your current ATK and DEF. So
of course, the later you use it, the
better the effect will be.

|
If you can make good use of the four
hidden tunnels on this floor, you can
go upstairs without the need to fight
strong enemies.

|
In this block lives the Archsorcerer,
the proprietor of the tower. Fighting
him now is tantamount to suicide. The
right solution is to go to the higher
block now without confronting him.

|
The dual wielding swordsmen have an
incredibly high ATK. By fighting them
head to head, you'll suffer a great
damage. You'd better not fight them
till you can achieve a one turn kill.

|
Haste makes waste.

|
In order to obtain the items in the
warehouse on this floor, a mattock
is necessary.

|
At 3 o'clock, Warp Wing will appear.

|
At the stage of reaching this floor,
if you have an HP of 1500, an ATK of
80, a DEF of 98, as well as 5 keys
and a blue key, then it can be viewed
as an ideal status.

|
Oh! Thank you for helping me out. In
return, I'll raise your ATK and DEF
by 3%.
     (ATK and DEF got raised!)

|
Magicians perform magic attacks when
adjacent to you. Sorcerers perform an
attack that halves your HP when you
get flanked in between them. Beware
of the latter case, as a higher HP of
yours can lead to a larger damage.

|
44F of this tower is a phantom floor.
It can't be reached by simply using
stairs. Unless you warp the space, it
is impossible to get there.

|
41F shows perfect bilateral symmetry.
So, ...

|
The shape of 5 pips on a dice has the
alleged power to seal the evil magic.
You'd better keep this firmly in mind
when fighting the boss of this block.

|
|
|
Haha, you've made it here. Incredible
but in such a case, I'll fight you
directly... That being said, I'd like
to see how capable you are prior to
that! Come out! My skeleton soldiers!

|
Hmm, impressive... But I won't let
you go on anymore! Here, you'll meet
your demise! Well, come on!!!

|
Unused paragraph

|
Unused paragraph

|
Unused paragraph

|
Unused paragraph

|
Skeleton: Ugh... Can't believe that
I'm beaten by you... However, the
floors from now on will be filled
with monsters and traps that are
incomparably stronger than ever, so
just face your doom with fear...

|
Yo! We meet again. You're amazing for
defeating the boss of this block. It
had troubled me that I couldn't go to
higher floors. Oh right, I heard that
there's a shield on 11F and a sword
on 17F, but it's best if you go for
the sword first. In doing so, you've
got to dodge the enemies along the
way. Anyways, see you later!

|
|
|
Welcome to "Tower of the Sorcerer."
You are the 100th invader. Normally,
I'd have my minions deal with you,
but this time, I'll specially fight
you myself. Curse your misfortune.

|
What!? Owwww!!?

|
...

|
...Hey...

|
...Hey! Wake up!

|
Are you OK? You were caught and put
into this prison by the Sorcerers,
and you've been unconscious till now.
But you got lucky! I happened to
finish making an escape tunnel just
when you got here. Anyways, I'm about
to escape right now. Come with me!

|
OK, I've got to leave now. By the
way, it looks like your swords and
shields were taken away, and it's
unwise to wander around here unarmed.
I remember there is a sword on 5F and
a shield on 9F. You'd better consider
getting them first of all. Well then,
see you later!

|
|
|
|
Yo! Are you OK? The Giant Octopus is
blocking the road and has been trou-
bling me. But finally, this tunnel's
been completed. I think you'd better
also avoid fighting the Octopus for
now. Alright, see you then!

|
Ho, it's you - the braveman who beat
the Skeleton and invaded my territo-
ry... But don't be naive and equate
me with the lowly Skeleton. I'll now
show you my undead power. Come!

|
Ugh... I never thought that even I
would lose... Seems that your power's
the real deal... But power of this
level will never be a match for that
of Lord Archsorcerer. At best you're
reveling in your momentary triumph...

|
Unused paragraph

|
Phew, the tunnel's finally done. Huh?
It's you again. Good timing, isn't
it? I've just made another tunnel,
and feel free to use it as you like.

|
The captured princess and the last
boss are both in this block. But it
might be too early to plan for that.

|
Argh! The tunnel hasn't been comp-
leted yet... If you had waited a bit,
you wouldn't have got to use an item.
The plan's got messed up... Ah no,
never mind.

|
|
|
|
You must be the braveman who beat the
bosses of Blocks 1 and 2 and came to
this point. But this is where it all
ends! As the boss of this block, I'll
chop off your head myself! Hands up!

|
Ugh... I'll let you go for now... But
if you can make it to 40F, I'll fight
you seriously then. Remember that and
be prepared!

|
|
|
|
You finally came. This time won't be
like before! I'll repay you for that
humiliation 10x over! Ghost Soldiers!

|
Humph, those are just small fry! Now
charge, Soldiers!

|
We're not done yet! Swordsmen charge!

|
Heck! But how about this! Knights,
charge!

|
Ugh...My minions... N-never will I
spare you! This time, I won't show
mercy on you! Prepare yourself!

|
Cough... That's enough for this time
... Huff huff... I'll let it slide
for now... But next time, I won't go
easy on you and will fight you seri-
ously! Be ready!

|
Yo! We meet again. Thanks for beating
the gatemen here and saving me. I got
caught again, and unfortunately, I
was locked up in this back cell this
time. Anyways, I've been digging a
tunnel in front of the Dragon on 35F.
I'll open it up very soon, so just
go ahead first.

|
Just go ahead to 35F first, and I'll
catch up.

|
Oh, you're here. Good timing - I've
just opened up this tunnel, through
which you can sneak behind the Dragon
and up the stairs.

|
The boss of this block, Golden Knight
is domineering despite being weak, so
he seems to be disliked by Vice Gen-
eral of the tower, Zeno the Sorcerer.

|
Unused paragraph

|
|
|
|
|
Golden Knight:
Ah...! Lord Zeno... I almost captured
the braveman, but he escaped. Please,
forgive me...

|
Zeno the Sorcerer:
He escaped...? Wasn't it you who es-
caped! You shameless maggot! Cowards
like you have no place in this tower!
Here you die!

|
Golden Knight:
Eek! No, please forgive...Gulp! Owww!

|
Zeno the Sorcerer:
Sorry for the unsavory sight. How-
ever, rest assured that I'm not like
this scumbag. If you manage to come
to me alive, I'll personally fight
you myself. I'm looking forward...

|
Unused paragraph

|
Well done, you're here at last. Let
me praise you for that. Now as I
promised, I'll be personally facing
you myself. Alright, come at me.

|
Alas... This formation... Oh no!

|
|
|
BEEP... K-I-L-L...T-H-E...B-R-A-V-E-
M-A-N...

|
BEEP... THE-TIME... HAS-COME... THE-
CHOSEN ONE...IF YOU-ARE-NOT-AFRAID OF
DEATH... GO-THROUGH-THE-GATE OF-SPACE
AND-TIME... AND...COME...TO...ME...

Braveman: This... It's just a doll!

|
You are...! How can you be in such a
place!

|
Well, la di da. There's only one way
to explain why I'm here. That expla-
nation is...!

|
Ah...! You are Zeno! How come you're
still alive!?

|
Zeno:
You really think that I would ever
get defeated in such a way? It was
simply a test of your abilities as
a warrior.

|
What!?... What do you mean! Why did
you do such things to me!?

|
Zeno:
You possess the Sacred Sword, "Weap-
ner," whereas I have the Omniscient
Staff, "Intellion." It's said that
whoever unites these two powers can
gain great wisdom... The great cause,
however, requires a warrior who can
fully wield the power of that sword.

|
Are you saying that I'm the one...
The "warrior"!?

|
Zeno: Indeed... However, your skills
were inadequate to master that Sacred
Sword "Weaponer." That's why I spread
false information, set various traps
in this tower, and waited for you to
come. And now, just as I had planned,
you've come this far with sufficient
power to handle the Sacred Sword.

|
So you're saying that even the rumor
of the princess being kidnapped was
just a trap to lure me here!?

|
Zeno: Exactly. Alright, once I take
away your power, this farce will come
to an end...
        The time has come...
      With my omniscient power,
  I shall shatter the Sacred Sword
      and gain great wisdom...
Come! Warrior of the Sacred Sword!

|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
Unused paragraph

|
Unused paragraph

|
Unused paragraph

|
Unused paragraph

|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
 Hey! You haven't sent the payment yet,
 have you? This is outrageous!

|
Oh! You sent the payment properly! Well
done! The key point to conquering all 50
floors is to save keys for later use.
Especially from 1F to 20F, you'd better
avoid opening unnecessary doors.

|
 For those who haven't sent the payment
 yet, I'll punish them on behalf of the
 author! Whack! Bash!

|
 For those who haven't sent the payment
 yet, I'll punish them on behalf of the
 author! Whack! Bash! ...Wait. Ah? You
 already sent it? Oopsie, sorry~

|
 For a payment of 1200 gold, I'll give
 you some good advice.

|
 It will make your later journey much
 easier if you could level up at altars
 on a higher floor whenever possible.
 Especially from 1F-10F, it's possible
 to clear the block without leveling up
 at all, so give it a try!

|
 If you send the payment, I'll tell you
 where I am!

|
    I'm somewhere further below 1F!
    Did you notice?

|
 For those who sent the payement, I'll
 let them know where my least favorite
 Cross is located.

|
 The cross is on 19F, but I don't want
 it to be too noticeable. By the way,
 if you have the Cross, there will be a
 discrepancy between predicted damage
 and actual damage, so be aware of that.

|
You wretch! You haven't sent any payment
yet! Outrageous! Get ready for my Energy
Drain attack! Wham!!!

|
 Although you're an enemy, I must admit
 that it's admirable of you to send the
 payment. As a reward, let me tell you
 something good. To seal my magic power,
 you need to make the eight Sorcerers
 surrounding me form a specific shape.
 Do you get it?

|
  For those who sent the payment, it's
  an order from above that we must in-
  form them of our whereabouts.

|
 To reach 44F where we dwell, one must
 use either of two special items, both
 of which, however, are challenging to
 obtain.

|
  The whereabouts of "Ascent Wing*" is
  something I know... but I won't tell
  you unless you send the payment.

 ( *Transl Note: This might be a typo. )
   ( Should have been "Descent Wing" )

|
 I'm hiding in the top right corner of
 41F, but first of all, you must defeat
 the one on the top left. If you defeat
 me, there will be a special item...

|
BEEP...BEEP......SEND...THE...PAYMENT...

|
 ...25F...FAKE......BEEP BEEP...BEEP...

|
 Well~ I really want to share much too
 much information, but there's an order
 from above that I can only talk with
 those who sent the payment...

|
Well, Thank you for sending the payment.
The author is also overjoyed! Once you
reach 35F and encounter the Dragon, come
back to 2F. I'll make a path for you.

|
 For the fools who haven't yet sent the
 payment, we shall thoroughly show them
 our horror on 41F.

|
When flanked in between us, your HP will
be halved. So when you pass through us,
it's best to keep a low HP if possible.
Especially, for potions on 31-40F, you'd
better not to take them all, but rather
leave some of them behind.

|
To those who haven't sent any payment, I
shall greet them with a taste of my dual
wielding godslayer sword! Shoom shoom!!!

|
There are eight monsters on 34F guarding
a red key.

|
 La la la~  Payment~ That's the hope of
 the author~ La la la~

|
 La la la~ Thanks~ You are a nice guy~

|
Hmm!! You wretch! I, Lord Golden Knight,
have taken all the trouble to show up
specially, but yet you haven't sent the
payment! Foolish creature! Get prepared
to be punished!

|
 Hmm!! You indeed did send the payment!
 Admirable wretch! On 39F, you can get a
 special item by opening two doors. Just 
 treat the nine doors as if they were a
 clock.

|
 Skel~e, kele kele, skeleto~ on, skel~
 skelet~ on, ske ske, kele kele, skel~
 eton... If you don't send the payment,
 you'll be hearing this song forever.

|
 Using the hidden tunnel on 9F will make
 it a bit easier to obtain the shield.

|
 I'm just a nobody. That's why I don't
 know much info. But if you don't place 
 an order, everyone will bully me. Sob
 sob...

|
Thank you for placing an order! Now I
won't be bullied by everyone! Good luck
on your journey to conquering 50 floors!

|
If you don't send the payment, I'll turn
you into a zombie too!

|
The three of us in the upper left corner
of 14F have the mission of guarding a
red key.

|
 Black Knight Att~ack!! How about that!
 You should now feel like sending the
 payment, right?

|
 In order to open the gate on 48F, you
 must defeat the enemy guarding it, who
 is hiding itself in a certain place.
 If you can find it, you should be able
 to open the gate.

|
  I am Slime King. Huh!? Asking for a
  payment? What's that?

|
To obtain the shield on 43F, you'll need
to take a detour.

|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
